This is the owner of Tianmen Kunlun Store, Holy King Qinglan
And Wan Guohao, president of the World Chamber of Commerce?
Yeah. How did they get here?
This is a grown-up
I don't see it at all
Now he's backing this trash
Talk more
Xiao Lingqing
You just told Mr. Ye to abolish him
clear egg
How could he come together with Xiao Lingtian, the Marquis of All Nations?
What the hell is going on in between?
Lord Holy Master
What does that mean?
What do I mean? You don't understand.
No one sent the project back.
I see who dares
Without my words today
No one wants to get out of here
Yao Lingqing, your tone is so loud
I'll tell you what.
Today, who dares to say that they want Mr. Left Bank Ye?
Is to be the enemy of Tianmen
I'll take people away today
I'll see who comes back to help you.
Yang Yi
You go back and I'll explain it all to you later.
Stop them!
I said no one would leave without me
Jiao Lingxin let your people go
Otherwise, I will make you regret coming into this world
You have to think clearly
Can your Xiao family stop my Kunlun Palace?
Hui brother hit
How can the Holy King support Xiao Yuntian?
Get out of the way or die
Ok you salesperson
Tang Miaoyu is my Tang family
Why did you take him away?
You must call me today
Otherwise, I won't finish with you.
Who gave you the guts to roar in front of Mr. Ye?
Drag it down and Mr. Ye will rule
Xiao Lingqian
Don't go too far.
That's too much.
I'm not just going to hit him today Tang Haishan
I want you to kneel down for me
Don't you dare
Do you know what the status of my Xiao family is now?
I want God's protection
Besides, I have the Five Treasures Great Chef.